Update readme (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/aspxrichedit-how-to-open-a-document-using-drag-and-drop-t438419: Readme.md

<!-- default badges end -->
# Rich Text Editor for ASP.NET Web Forms - How to open a document using drag and drop

This example allows users to drag files to the [Rich Text Editor](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxRichEdit.ASPxRichEdit) to open them in the control. In the example, the [work directory](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxRichEdit.ASPxRichEdit.WorkDirectory?p=netframework) is not specified and **Open** and **Save As** operations are unavailable.

![Open Documents Using Drag and Drop](open-documents-using-drag-and-drop.gif)

The [Upload Control](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxUploadControl) allows users to upload files from a client computer and save them on the server. Set the control's [EnableDragAndDrop](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.UploadAdvancedModeSettings.EnableDragAndDrop) property to `true` to enable drag and drop support. Assign the ASPxRichEdit control's identifier to the Upload control's [ExternalDropZoneID](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.UploadAdvancedModeSettings.ExternalDropZoneID) property to upload files that users drag in the Rich Text Editor.

> Once the file upload operation completes, use the [RichEditDocumentServer](https://docs.devexpress.com/OfficeFileAPI/17488/word-processing-document-api) to save the file's content to a stream. Pass the stream to the [Open](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxRichEdit.ASPxRichEdit.Open(System.String-DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.DocumentFormat-System.Func-System.IO.Stream-)) method to open this document in the Rich Text Editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the file upload operation is completed, use the [RichEditDocumentServer](https://docs.devexpress.com/OfficeFileAPI/17488/word-processing-document-api) to save the file's content to a stream. Pass the stream to the [Open](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxRichEdit.ASPxRichEdit.Open(System.String-DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.DocumentFormat-System.Func-System.IO.Stream-)) method to open this document in the Rich Text Editor.
```
